Jian Dao, what do you want to do?
Don't forget,
Jian An Real Estate is under my control now
Jian An Real Estate is still mine after all
You are just a temporary manager
Divorce is possible
But don't even think about Jian An's shares
Do you mean
I should hand over the shares to you?
I not only own shares in Jian An Construction Real Estate
The board of directors is also under my control
Don't even think about returning to Jian An Real Estate
Zhang Wen Xu,
I once thought you
were a man
But when I caught you cheating in public
all you did was threaten me with shares
Jiang Yu Yong
I treated you so well before
I saw you as my sister
But how did you treat me?
You fought with me over a man
And fought over a man
who dares to do but not admit it
Everyone
you all saw it
One is my husband
The other is my husband's secretary
They blatantly
cheated on me together
No, no
It's not like that
It's not
How is it not like that?
What else is there to explain?
Zhang Wen Xu
You didn’t expect this, did you?
Your current pain
is happiness for you,
happiness indeed
Why has she changed so much?